DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought
with him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld
and transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve
into more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
ZENOHELD: Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Fire Spartan!
DRAGO: [pained cry]
DAN: Drago!
SPECTRA: His Attribute Energy!
DAN: Dragooooo!
ZENOHELD: We now have all of the Attribute Energies
required to fully power the Bakugan Termination System.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Exodus
DAN: Whah? What's happening?
PRINCE HYDRON: I'll tell you what.
PRINCE HYDRON: You see all those fancy flashing
lights there on the screen?
That means that the Six Attribute Energies have
all finished charging up.
MARUCHO: Then that means...
ACE: ...the BT System is fully functional.
LYNC: Bullseye, pal-ee.
SHADOW PROVE: And now all the non-mechanical Bakugan
are gonna die!
Yeeeeeeaaaaahhhhh!
PREYAS: Is that for real?
ELFIN: Can't we do something to stop it?
DAN: You better turn that off
...ya know what's good for you.
LYNC: Look at you... making threats.
[laughter]
PRINCE HYDRON: You just have to face it Dan, you lost.
PRINCE HYDRON: The BT System is locked and loaded
and you're powerless to stop it.
DAN: You jerk.
Come here!
DRAGO: Dan wait!
We don't have time for this!
We have to get to New Vestroia!
BARON: But that's where the BT System is.
Shouldn't you be headed the other way?
DRAGO: I can't just sit back and do nothing.
I have to fight while I'm still alive.
PREYAS: Drago's right.
What've we got to lose?
ELFIN: Yeah!
Let's get movin'!
PERCIVAL: You heard them.
Time to go!
DAN: Looks like we're going on a trip.
SPECTRA: Yes... So it seems.
Let's go.
PRINCE HYDRON: What?
No goodbye?
MYLENE: Wait, we're just gonna let them go?
ZENOHELD: Don't worry Mylene.
ZENOHELD: They're going on a fool's errand.
No matter what they do, the Bakugan are history.
ZENOHELD: [sinister laughter]
DAN: So this is it, huh?
SHUN: It's impenetrable.
Trust me. I've tried.
I'm sorry, Dan.
DAN: Well, if we can't crack this nut
then we gotta gather up every single Bakugan
in New Vestroia.
MARUCHO: Every single Bakugan? Impossible.
DAN: You bet!
We're gonna take them back to Earth with us using
the Dimension Transport System on Spectra's ship!
MIRA: Are you serious?
SPECTRA: I don't remember volunteering my ship...
for an evacuation.
Still, I suppose it's in my best interest to
protect all the Bakugan.
BARON: We better hurry up, guys.
BARON: Before we left I synchronized this
with the timer back at the Mother Palace.
ACE: Man!
Looks like we don't have much time.
DAN: Then let's quit talkin'
and start roundin' up Bakugan.
PREYAS: Calling all Bakugan!
Listen up everyone!
SWARM OF BAKUGAN: [shocked/surprised]
ELFIN: This is an emergency evacuation!
If you stay here you'll die!
SWARM OF BAKUGAN: [shocked/surprised]
SWARM OF BAKUGAN: [frightened, confused]
ELFIN: Hurry, everyone!
Come with us!
DRAGO: You must stay calm, but move quickly!
PERCIVAL: You heard them people!
On the double!
Let's go!
ACE: I've never seen Spectra so cooperative.
SHUN: He's creating the ultimate Bakugan.
But, if the others are dead it won't be so ultimate ...
Trust me, he's only helping us
because it suits his sinister agenda.
He's still not to be trusted.
BARON: Well, whatever his reasons are Shun,
I still think it's good that he's helping.
Without his ship we'd be toast.
MARUCHO: That's true, but I'm not sure we can...
DAN: Come on, don't be so negative guys!
DAN: You saw the way he battled along side of us.
He was in it to win it and had our backs
one hundred percent!
DAN: He's definitely on our side now!
MIRA: [unsure, shocked]
MIRA: So, um, Keith.
Where is Gus right now?
MIRA: I mean he's usually standing right by your side,
isn't he?
SPECTRA: You and I have a score to settle
for what you did to Gus.
ZENOHELD: Ah yes Gus, your little lap dog...
Don't worry, he was loyal to his Master Spectra until the end.
SPECTRA: Good help is hard to find
and Gus won't easily be replaced...
You'll pay for taking him from me.
MIRA: What happened to him?
SPECTRA: After he lost his battle to Zenoheld,
Gus disappeared.
Without a trace.
MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: Is that why you're helping us, then?
Is it to avenge Gus?
SPECTRA: So tell me Mira, where exactly on Earth
do you plan on taking all of the Bakugan
we're transporting?
DAN: Well...um...
MARUCHO: We could just take them all
to my house for now.
DAN: Hey! That's a great idea!
We could easily fit them into your place Marucho.
Which means we don't have to split them up.
SPECTRA: Very well...Then I will set the coordinates
for our re-entry to Marucho's house.
Please come with me.
MARUCHO: You got it.
ACE: Wait. I'm coming too.
ACE: Just to make sure you get the coordinates right.
SPECTRA: Very Well, as you like.
RUNO: [eating sounds]
TIGRERRA: Slow down, Runo.
You're going to choke.
RUNO: I'm just so steamed ...
those guys left us behind again.
I just can't stand it...How rude.
TIGRERRA: I understand.
But you should still take it easy.
JULIE: Tigrerra's right, Runo.
JULIE: You're gonna chomp your tongue off
if you're not careful.
RUNO: I can't believe you're not angry too.
JULIE: Well, I was but then I started exercising
and all my anger went away.
You should try it.
One...two!
JULIE: Oh look, a dimension gate just opened up.
RUNO: It must be Dan and the others.
They're back!
[squealing screams]
KATO: Ms. Runo? Are you finished?
May I take your lunch dishes now?
[screams]
KATO: Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear....
JULIE: Can't...move...arms...
[screams]
RUNO: [screams] Help...me...please!
BARON: Master Dan!
We're running out of time!
MIRA: I hate to say it but I don't think
we can save them all.
DAN: Ah well Mira, we'll just keep going
until we get as many as we can.
We can't just give up.
BARON: Hurry up...We've only got about a minute left, guys.
DAN: I know!
SHUN: Hey Dan...
If we wait any longer Drago and the others...
SHUN: ...there won't be time for them to escape.
DAN: [angry grunt]
DAN: Hey guys!
Time to split!
DRAGO: Hold on, Dan.
We haven't saved everyone yet!
DAN: I know buddy.
But we're totally out of time.
PERCIVAL: Are you telling us to leave the others behind?
DAN: I don't like it either guys, but we've got
no choice, here!
BARON: Nemus, if we don't go back now,
you guys are ghosts.
NEMUS: I understand.
SPECTRA: Okay...I'll transport you now.
PREYAS: Hold on a sec!
Where's Drago?
ACE: Wasn't he with you?
PERCIVAL: I heard him say...
PERCIVAL: ...he wasn't going to leave anyone behind.
HELIOS: Hmmmphh.
Of course he did.
Always playing the hero.
DAN: Hey Drago! Wait!
DAN: Waaaaaiiiiiiittttt!
DRAGO: I'm sorry, Dan...But I can't leave
knowing that others will be left behind.
DAN: Drago, you did your best.
No one's gonna blame you!
MARUCHO: Hey Spectra, can you transport the ones
that are here for now?
SPECTRA: All right then.
MARUCHO: Hey thanks a lot.
I'm sure Drago will be right along,
but better safe than sorry.
ACE: Right.
SPECTRA: Looks like Drago isn't the only one who has
decided to remain behind.
DRAGO: Many have already given their lives in order
to save the Bakugan race from extinction.
DRAGO: The wise and noble Nobilion and Wavern...
DRAGO: ...not to mention the Six Ancient Soldiers.
DRAGO: If I give up now then their sacrifices
will have been in vain.
DAN: Drago!
HELIOS: Hmmmpphh.
HELIOS: You're a fool, Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt, shout]
DAN: Hey Drago!
SPECTRA: Helios!
SPECTRA: [gasp]
DAN: Hurry Drago! Time is running out!
SPECTRA: Helios! Get back here now!
HELIOS: Your cheap theatrics are touching,
but I'm not going to let you martyr yourself.
You and I have a score to settle and I'm not letting
you get out of it that easily.
DRAGO: Out of my way.
HELIOS: You come back to Earth with me now,
or we battle it out to the end, right here.
DRAGO: [growl]
PROFESSOR CLAY: The BT System is moments away
from activating.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Thirty seconds before firing,
a dimension wave will be deactivated.
PROFESSOR CLAY: In that very instant, the Bakugan
will return to their original form...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...and the Brawlers will sit by and
watch helplessly as their beloved comrades turn to dust.
SHADOW PROVE: Sounds perfect!
Yeah guys Yeeeeeaaahhhhh!
ZENOHELD: Farewell to you...worthless Bakugan.
HELIOS: What's going on?
DRAGO: We're back to normal.
BARON: Thirty seconds and counting, guys.
DAN: [grunt]
DAN: Drago!
We gotta bust it, buddy!
Only 30 seconds left!
HELIOS: I'll only need half that to finish you.
DRAGO: Helios!
I don't have time for your nonsense!
HELIOS: What if I help you destroy that thing?
HELIOS: We'll smash it into a million pieces!
DRAGO: Very well.
We destroy it, I'll fight you.
DRAGO: Make sure you aim at the same spot as me.
HELIOS: You make sure, Drago.
I'm always dead-on.
DRAGON: Shooting Dragon!
[mighty roar]
HELIOS: Laguna Lock Cannon!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
DRAGO: What?
HELIOS: Impossible!
MIRA: Unbelievable.
Even together, Drago and Helios didn't put a
scratch on that thing.
SHUN: I told you guys.
BARON: Fifteen seconds left!
DAN: Drago!
[grunt]
DAN: [grunt, exertion]
MIRA: Dan!
Drago!
HELIOS: Hit it again!
DRAGO: Wait a second!
HELIOS: Giving up?
DRAGO: Hmmm. Let's try this.
[grunting]
HELIOS: Are you crazy?
DRAGO: [extreme exertion]
DAN: Drago!
OPERATOR: Sir, it appears that the BT System has moved.
PROFESSOR CLAY: What's that?
OPERATOR: Putting it up on the monitor now.
PROFESSOR CLAY: It's climbing into the atmosphere.
PROFESSOR CLAY: I don't understand.
How can that possibly be?
PROFESSOR CLAY: It must be those Bakugan.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: The BT System's effective range
has a radius of 6000 kilometers...
As long as it doesn't get that far away from the ground,
it can't be stopped...
OPERATOR: Five seconds to system activation, sir!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Hmmmphh.
They've run out of time.
BARON: Four seconds, left!
DRAGO: Just a little bit further...just a little more...
DRAGO: Almost...
DAN: Draaaaaaaagggggggooooooo!
OPERATOR: The BT System has activated!
ZENOHELD: Hmmphh.
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [exertion]
DRAGO: I'm sorry everyone...
WAVERN: Drago...
DRAGO: Hmmm?
DRAGO: That's...the light of the Perfect Core.
WAVERN: Drago... don't be afraid...
DRAGO: That voice...
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Wavern?
WAVERN: Drago...there is still much for you to do...
You cannot end things here.
DRAGO: Wavern...you...
DRAGO: She's right...I can't die yet...I won't!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
PROFESSOR CLAY: What's this?
PROFESSOR CLAY: It can't be!
The BT System is losing energy like crazy!
OPERATOR: The system doesn't have enough energy
to destroy any Bakugan on New Vestroia.
What's happening Clay?
Explain yourself immediately!
I am sorry sir, but it seems that something
is absorbing the attribute energies from the BT system
and causing it to self destruct.
ZENOHELD: That can't be!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[roar]
OPERATOR: The BT System has been destroyed, sir!
OPERATOR B: And it appears a large countercurrent
energy wave is heading this way.
PROFESSOR CLAY: What, it's traveling across dimensions?
But how?
OPERATORS: Whoa!
OPERATOR: Evacuate!
Evacuate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Professor Clay!
LYNC: I'm gonna get those Brawlers!
Just you wait...I'm gonna get 'em!
MYLENE: I can't believe it.
We had them and we just let them go.
ZENOHELD: It would seem that I underestimated
our young friends.
DAN: Drago...
SPECTRA: Helios, are you okay?
HELIOS: Don't worry, I'm fine.
SHUN: So then, the BT System...I guess it wasn't
activated after all you guys.
SPECTRA: It would appear that it didn't.
MIRA: Drago did it!
He stopped the BT System.
DAN: Then why...? If he's fine, why didn't Drago
come back down yet?
[gasp]
BARON: Maybe Master Drago had to...
MARUCHO: ...sacrifice himself to save the others.
DAN: Drago...!
MIRA: Oh Dan...
ACE: Huh...Guys, look...
look up there!
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: Drago... Drago, you're alive!
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: Drago!
MIRA: Drago!
MARUCHO: It's him!
BARON: Welcome back!
[panting]
DAN: [sniffle]
I thought...
I thought ...you didn't make it buddy.
DRAGO: I'm sorry I worried you.
DAN: It looks like you've evolved again.
DRAGO: Yes, it would appear that I have.
BARON: You look like you've been pumping iron.
MIRA: Yeah, you're looking super buff.
SPECTRA: Evolved again, I see.
HELIOS: Still looks like nothing to me.
DRAGO: It seems that New Vestroia is okay now.
Good. Very good.
HELIOS: Hmmmphh. Big deal.
DRAGO: Helios...
HELIOS: You just keep evolving like you think
you can gain the advantage on me.
HELIOS: The truth is, you never will.
And I'll take you down to prove it.
DRAGO: It never ends with you.
HELIOS: [growl]
MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: So what's his problem, Keith?
Are we not on the same team now?
We fought well together didn't we...?
MIRA: Keith why...?
DAN: He's Spectra.
SPECTRA: Mira, I told you when we started this
not to mistake us for partners, didn't I?
I work alone.
MIRA: But Keith...
SPECTRA: Time to go, Helios.
DAN: Spectra!
DAN: Come on...
Can't we all just get along?
HELIOS: Just wait, Drago... Next time we meet,
I'm gonna pound you into the ground.
DRAGO: Until then.
HELIOS: I am the Ultimate Bakugan.
DAN: We'll see.
BARON: Hey guys, Baron here.
After we destroyed the Bakugan Termination System
on New Vestroia we headed back to Earth
for some much needed rest.
I didn't want my Brawling skills to get rusty
so I hopped onto the Bakugan Interspace System
right away.
There were so many strange Bakugan in there,
it really blew my mind.
BARON: I'm telling you it was a real trip,
but maybe you should check it out yourselves
to see what I mean.
Right Nemus?
NEMUS: Let's go!
BARON: Bakugan Brawl!
BARON: Time to dance, pal!